Document OS limits (#695)
rapidsai/ucx-py: docs/source/os-limits.rst

Operating System Limits
=======================

UCX can be affected by a variety of limits, not just defined by UCX itself but also by the operating system. In this section we describe some of the limits that may be encountered by the user when running UCX-Py or just UCX alone.

File Descriptors
----------------

In sockets-based connections, multiple file descriptors may be open to establish connections between endpoints. When UCX is establishing connection between endpoints via protocols such as TCP, an error such as below may occur:

::

    ucp.exceptions.UCXError: User-defined limit was reached

> One possible cause for this is that the limit establish by the OS or system administrators has been reached by the user. This limit can be checked with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One possible cause for this is that the limit established by the OS or system administrators has been reached by the user. This limit can be checked with:
```

::
    $ ulimit -n

> If the user has permission to do so, this limit can be increased by typing the new limit after the command above. For example, to set a new limit of 1 million, the following should be executed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user has permission to do so, the file descriptor limit can be increased by typing the new limit after the command above. For example, to set a new limit of 1 million, the following should be executed:
```
